doc: update doc on collecting multiple specs with runHostCollectorsInPod flag (#588)
replicatedhq/troubleshoot.sh: docs/source/support-bundle/collecting.md

Create a support bundle using multiple specs from the filesystem

```shell
kubectl support-bundle ./support-bundle-spec-1.yaml ./support-bundle-spec-2.yaml
```

Create a support bundle using a spec from a URL, a file, and from a Kubernetes secret

```shell
kubectl support-bundle https://raw.githubusercontent.com/replicatedhq/troubleshoot-specs/main/in-cluster/default.yaml \
./support-bundle-spec-1.yaml \
secret/path/to/my/spec
```

## Collect a support bundle using specs discovered from the cluster

> Introduced in Troubleshoot v0.47.0

You can also use the `--load-cluster-specs` flag with the `support-bundle` CLI to collect a Support Bundle by automatically discovering Support Bundle and Redactor specs in Secrets and ConfigMaps in the cluster. For more information, see [Discover Cluster Specs](discover-cluster-specs).

### Notes on using multiple specs with runHostCollectorsInPod flag

- If one spec has `runHostCollectorsInPod: true` and another does not, the merged spec sets `runHostCollectorsInPod: true` and includes all host collectors from both specs.

> - When using a spec with a URI pointing to another spec, if the URI spec does not have the `runHostCollectorsInPod` setting, the merged output reflects the setting from the URI content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using a spec with a URI pointing to a spec hosted elsewhere, if the target URI spec does not have the `runHostCollectorsInPod` setting, the merged output reflects the default setting of `false` regardless of the original spec's setting.
```
